---
templateKey: career-post
title: DevOps engineer
cities:
  - Dnipro
date: 2020-01-20T12:01:10.306Z
description: >-
  We are looking for a Middle+/Senior DevOps engineer to join FinTech UK-based
  project to implement deployment technology and automation innovations.
---
WHAT KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE WE EXPECT FROM OUR CANDIDATE:

✔ practical experience with CI \ CD systems (we use TeamCity, Octopus);

✔ practical experience with Azure, AWS;

✔ at least 3 years of experience with C#, .Net;

✔ good understanding of IIS;

✔ practical experience with databases such as MS SQL server, MongoDB as well as corresponding query languages;

✔ experience with version control systems such as Git and Github;

✔ understanding of the processes and principles of Scrum development methodology;

✔ English: intermediate or higher.

BUSINESS SKILLS:

✔ ability to come up with plans and execute plans to completion;

✔ good presentational skills;

✔ negotiation skills — specifically with third parties;

✔ ability to work on projects which span a broad range of applications;

✔ expertise in multiple technical environments and business knowledge that spans multiple business areas;

✔ ability to work collaboratively.

IN ADDITION TO INTERESTING TASKS, WE ALSO OFFER:

• greater freedom in work, in the choice of technologies and the ability to realize ideas;

• openness and simplicity in communication with all employees of the company, the speed of resolving all issues;

• work as PE;

• cozy office in the city center;

• 18 working days of vacation, paid sick leave.

### RESPONSIBILITIES:

• be in charge of all our infrastructure and release management;

• innovation and freedom to suggest/implement new technologies;

• implement deployment technology and automation innovations;

• troubleshooting and supporting production environments.

**PROJECT DESCRIPTION**

FinTech UK-based startup for SMEs fundraising and financial wellbeing. We are pioneers in the OpenBanking space and with the platform, we have designed and built from scratch. Our client won two prestigious competitions in the Open Banking space in 2018, which let it score 400K in total pounds from Nesta OpenBanking challenge competition. Responsible for the platform architecture and leading backend development as well as overall project oversight.

**TECHNOLOGIES USED ON THE PROJECT:**

The project uses a range of technologies and frameworks: .Net Framework, .NET Core, WebAPI2, Vue.js, NodeJS, MS SQL Server, MongoDB, MassTransit, RabbitMQ, Azure, Salesforce etc.
